what is up guys Joshua this is episode
one other roads of glory decided to name
this series fight to the top flight
reason being is that the theme I'm gonna
be going with to set things off is that
I start from the bottom and work myself
up to the top and the way I'll go about
doing this is I start from the empower
League too then once I've got the best
team possible from that league are
moving to the N power League 1 then what
support the best team possible from that
league I move into the championship then
once I built the best team possible from
that league I'll finally move on to the
Barclays Premier League and what you can
see me doing right now is just opening
my for free gold packs that I got from
him pre-ordering the ultimate edition of
FIFA 12 which basically for like five or
six months every month you get to open
for free gold packs so you'll probably
see me do this a couple of times in the
series as you do and I didn't really get
any special players it would have been
nice if I what I got lucky and got maybe
a Rooney or something you know just set
things a mold for when I do finally get
to the Premier League but we didn't get
any more special I think the best player
we got was a a tier 8 goalkeeper who
plays for Borussia Dortmund in the
Bundesliga and what I ended up doing is
just putting all the players in the
trade pal I think I ended up keeping
some of the gold contracts and the free
players I think the free players I kept
were Rodwell a place for Everton Bruns
who plays for West Brom and Wayne
Hennessey and basically I may end up
selling them later on in the series but
if you can think of a better name
then fight to the top-flight please let
me know as long as it keeps that the
theme like starting from empar League -
and then finally getting up to a
Barclays Premier League team just feel
free to put them in the comments below
but one balloon I'm just saying these
players right now and also you know if
you come across if you know any players
I want it because when I do actually
manage to get too late Ligue 1 and the
championship I'm always gonna be on the
lookout for like good players who were
good with basically set pieces or skills
and skills the secondary I'm not really
bold about that but definitely set
pieces when I was in I've already got
all the gameplay for like the empower
league - and yeah I didn't see any like
good like players which set pieces at
all so it was you know kind of annoying
about that but I'm fairly very sure that
you guys are going to enjoy this series
and a lot of score some cracking goals
that you've seen the episodes to come
and do pick out some some cracking
players as well and pretty much this is
the first match got very lucky in the
way the ball ricocheted off his defender
and I got clean through and goal he's
keeper actually got a touch so I felt
even more sorry for him there
but we got the goal the goals our goal I
want to talk about the actual starter
pack that I got you know you always get
a player that stands out and you know
among the rest of the other players that
you got and the player that I got that
stood out was a Carmona place for
Barcelona B team and I end up having
four stars skill moves I'm loving the
four star skill is a lot more than the
five star skills at the moment I just
find it easier to do the Berber spin
obviously and then there's a scoop turn
as well but and pretty much the Ronaldo
chop which is so good this year
especially because it's been like added
on to as a four star skill move and a
obviously you know if you don't want it
to be called there another chop I think
it's called the hill chop as well then
we got another goal they're very lucky
with one Dominguez and that made it free
no and then here we got the best goal of
the game that you'll see end up tackling
jockeying which is the best way to
defend on this game instead of like
pressing an ax
it's actually a nice goal get fairly
lucky with the end result the way
actually do manage to school but nice
bit of skill involved in the build-up
and they goes back in a net to make it
fall ill and it up winning that match
for nil as well golfer I come owner the
play I was just on about and then also
from the starter pack I got the best
player available best goalkeeper
available in my actual league that I
started off with with the Impala - as
you can see here after that match and
went to the trade pal players sold and
managed to make about 5k coins from some
of them not all the players in a - all
like kit souls owned putting the backup
sale hoping they would actually sell
made 5k coins straight after that I
looked for a player and that player who
I went for was called a confirm where I
know a lot you will actually know this
player after watching KSA's video I
asked on Twitter like which players
should actually get for this league and
that literally everyone was suggesting
that I go for a confirm where and I'm
pretty glad that I went with your you
guys on this one because a confirm was
strength I think it's somewhere between
97 or 98 and obviously when you plane
you know bronze players at the beginning
of my ultimate team for them to come up
against a player of that strength it's
just gonna be really really hard he's
like a steam training just like
literally just like Brahman just didn't
that word didn't sound good ramen and he
just like literally just like running
like this he's so powerful it's just
unbelievable if you had him you'd know
what I mean and I got a strike partner
called Hitchcock
Facebook Plymouth and then you know
obviously a back and pin we're lacking a
bit of pace but keeping the strength I
wanted I wanted back in firmly to be the
kind of guy that'll be laying off the
goals for a Hitchcock and Hitchcock has
got about seventy seven pace and you
know obviously having a striker with a
pace and then obviously a slow one you
know it's gonna she's gonna be better
than having to slow strikers and then
straight after that we got a sentiment
that you saw me get there that sent a
mid place to Southend his grant I do
believe he also played for a Leeds and
Chelsea in his time as well but in this
match who end up taking the lead here
from nice little over the top ball that
managed to fly like an offender's head
who laid off Hitchcock here for his
first goal on his debut
it's always nice of a player managed to
score in his debut and you know I think
this is the signs of a great partnership
in the terms of way that you know they
can link up though a confirm where like
winning those headers and then also
Hitchcock also like always gonna be able
to manage to like win those loose balls
and he got very eager an actual nice
goal there that you know finish shot hit
in the top corner and uh was very it was
I was pretty surprised he managed to get
past me because I was actually
dominating this match but he scored a
nice goal and I got the goal there to
make it 2-1 and then here we find a
confirm were here nice little shimmy
when he tries to come at me with a
slight attack or dodged him use the
right stick just like you know you just
actually get some pace out back in Famer
because he's so slow but you just have
to help like work the right analog stick
and he'll just get forward and ends up
getting a second goal for me there for
him and it made it free one then we get
like the fourth goal here managed to
score a nice little chip with Hunter
Anna that made it 4-1 and then he ends
up conceding two sloppy goals here that
you'll see me end up winning 6-1 by and
I hope you guys enjoyed this episode
obviously the next episode they'll be
more goals see and more action but for
this episode that is an end if you
enjoyed it like is always appreciated
and peace guys